Apple Inc. is one of the world’s largest makers of PCs and peripheral and consumer products, such as the
iPod digital music player, the iPad tablet, the iPhone smartphone, and the ‘‘Apple Watch,’’ for sale
primarily to the business, creative, education, government, and consumer markets. It also sells operating
systems, utilities, languages, developer tools, and database software.
AAPL's iPhone directly accounted for 66% of FY 15 revenues, with over 230 million units sold. AAPL sold
over 169 million iPhones in FY 14, contributing 56% of revenues. This was AAPL's fastest-growing
segment over the past couple of years, and while we expect the rate of growth to slow as the business
becomes larger and more mature, we still see substantial opportunities related to international,
enterprise and education markets. We note the fall 2015 introductions of the next generation iPhone 6s
and the iPhone 6s Plus devices.
Released in April 2010, the iPad quickly became the best-selling tablet computer by far. Before the iPad,
unit sales for similar computing devices were less than 200,000 units, according to market researchers.
In FY 10, the first year of availability, AAPL sold over 7 million iPads, accounting for around 8% of total
revenues. In FY 15, about 55 million iPads were sold (10% of sales), but showed a decline from the 68
million units shipped (17% of sales) the previous fiscal year. We believe the tablet form factor will remain
popular as it launches next generation devices, but we see new entrants diluting AAPL's overall market
share over time. Nonetheless, we expect AAPL to continue to dominate in the upper part of this fastgrowing computing market. Sales of AAPL's computers, commonly known as Macs, made up 11% of
revenues in FY 15 compared to 13% in FY 14. On a unit shipment basis, Macs had grown notably faster
than what was reported for the PC industry. Revenue from Services and other hardware products
comprised for about 13% of sales in FY 15. This includes revenue from the iTunes Store, the App Store,
the Mac App Store, the iBooks Store, AppleCare, licensing and other services. It also includes sales of
Apple TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, iPod and Apple-branded and third-party accessories